fix: attempt at clarifying ambiguity re: what types are defined (#141)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

# Conceptual Message Wrapper Encodings

> Two basic types of RATS Conceptual Message Wrapper (CMW) are specified in this

Reviewer: What does “basic” add? Is there an “advanced”? What would the difference be?

Author: I think of basic in terms of growing complexity.

The resulting flow is:

> _Two _basic_ types are specified ... a further CMW "collection" type that holds together multiple CMW items ... and a CMW "tunnel" type is also defined [...] to allow transporting CBOR CMWs in JSON collections and vice-versa._

Reviewer: Reading Ned's comment I finally understand what this means. I would say that since CMW is a tree structure, the leaf types are what you're describing as "basic types". When I see "basic" in text, I just feel like the author is taunting me with what they find easy to understand in a sea of complexity.

Author: Please suggest wording that works for someone coming here with a fresh pair of eyes.
I have read it so many times that I can no longer be that person, unfortunately.

> Two basic types of RATS Conceptual Message Wrapper (CMW) are specified in this
> document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A RATS Conceptual Message Wrapper (CMW) has a tree structure of leaves that contain payload messages associated with their content type.
The two leaf node types are
```

Below the enumeration, I'd say "Intermediate tree nodes are either a "collection" type or a "tunnel" type:" and put the descriptive sentences in their own enumeration as well.

Author: OK, thanks.  Done in 092be4e and 6656649
